README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

<h3><b>Rent/Buy a Car</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
  - [🎥 Video](#video)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Rent/Buy a Car App <a name="about-project"></a>

**Rent/Buy a Car App:** is a full stack web application with a react client and rails api that allows users to book reservations for renting or buying a car.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
 <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://react.dev/">ReactJS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **register and log in**
- **introduce new transactions associated with a category.**
- **see the money spent on each category.**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- <a href="https://budget-app-biftu.onrender.com/">Budget App Live</a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🎥 Video <a name="video"></a>

<a href="https://www.loom.com/share/Budget-Building-Managing-Transactions-and-Categories-2ea1424a6dd34b0cb9e03c763ed5ba6f?sid=89824a7e-15c3-47fa-ac0e-a41c0c21bf82">Get an understanding of the project by watching this video</a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- `Ruby`
- `Rails`
- `Code editor (VSCode, RubyMine)`

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  git clone https://github.com/Bifabig/Budget-App.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd my-project
  bundle install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
  rails server
```

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

```sh
  rspec spec
```

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using your own deployment solution

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Biftu Girma**

- GitHub: [@Bifabig](https://github.com/Bifabig)
- Twitter: [@biftu94](https://twitter.com/biftu94)
- LinkedIn: [Biftu Girma](https://www.linkedin.com/in/biftu-girma/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Create a desktop version**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Bifabig/blog-app-rails/issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project consider adding a ⭐️

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

Original design idea by [Gregoire Vella on Behance](https://www.behance.net/gregoirevella).

I would like to thank [Microverse](https://bit.ly/MicroverseTN)..

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

add key-features list to readme file

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

<h3><b>Rent/Buy a Car</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
  - [🎥 Video](#video)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Rent/Buy a Car App <a name="about-project"></a>

**Rent/Buy a Car App:** is a full stack web application with a react client and rails api that allows users to book reservations for renting or buying a car.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
 <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://react.dev/">ReactJS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **The user logs in to the website, only by typing the username**
- **The user can see links to: Cars, Reserve, My Reservations, Add Car, and Delete Car**
- **See a list of cars**
- **User can select the item and see details of the item**
- **user clicks the "Add item" link in the navigation panel they can see a form for adding a new item.**
- **When the user clicks the "Delete item" link in the navigation panel they can see a list of all items with title and "Delete" button.**
- **When the user clicks the "My reservations" link in the navigation panel they can see a list of their reservations (with information about item name, date and city).**
- **"Add item" and "Delete item" links are accessible only by users who are admins.**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- <a href="https://budget-app-biftu.onrender.com/">Budget App Live</a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🎥 Video <a name="video"></a>

<a href="https://www.loom.com/share/Budget-Building-Managing-Transactions-and-Categories-2ea1424a6dd34b0cb9e03c763ed5ba6f?sid=89824a7e-15c3-47fa-ac0e-a41c0c21bf82">Get an understanding of the project by watching this video</a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- `Ruby`
- `Rails`
- `Code editor (VSCode, RubyMine)`

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  git clone https://github.com/Bifabig/Budget-App.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd my-project
  bundle install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
  rails server
```

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

```sh
  rspec spec
```

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using your own deployment solution

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Biftu Girma**

- GitHub: [@Bifabig](https://github.com/Bifabig)
- Twitter: [@biftu94](https://twitter.com/biftu94)
- LinkedIn: [Biftu Girma](https://www.linkedin.com/in/biftu-girma/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Create a desktop version**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Bifabig/blog-app-rails/issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project consider adding a ⭐️

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

Original design idea by [Gregoire Vella on Behance](https://www.behance.net/gregoirevella).

I would like to thank [Microverse](https://bit.ly/MicroverseTN)..

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
